README.md, before:

# CADL-I-FinalPoject
My Final project for the Creative Applications of Deep Learning with Google's Tensorflow | Parag K. Mital | Kadenze, Inc.


***This is my open-ended final project.***

After earning my [certificate](https://www.kadenze.com/certificates/NFKK9ISE), I wrote on **medium** a summary of what I did. I entitled it [**Using Deep Learning DC-GAN to add featured effect on anything**](https://medium.com/using-deep-learning-dc-gan-to-add-featured-effect/recently-i-started-the-creative-applications-of-deep-learning-with-googles-tensorflow-of-parag-k-14453b215d2b) ***(Using DC-GAN you can wear eyeglasses or hats to people on an image and more …)***. 

Please take a look (4 min read) and share if you find it interesting.

It is a complementary explanation step of this job.

Thanks !


======================================
###A RECENT CONTRIBUTION
======================================
You could find below a recent published research paper **close to the subject** (09 Fev 2017), from the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China (UESTC). [Coincidently, at the same time where I wrote mine].

Apart for ***Mouth slightly open vector*** where the mouths are not always **slightly opened** but reduced when highly opened, they succeeded very well with eyeglasses and hairs vectors.
-	**ATTRIBUTE-CONTROLLED FACE PHOTO SYNTHESIS FROM SIMPLE LINE DRAWING** | Qi Guo Ce Zhu Zhiqiang Xia Zhengtao Wang Yipeng Liu
[Download here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1702.02805v1.pdf)

Commit message:

docs : a contribution on latent space.
docs : a contribution on latent space.

A post of Julien Despois on Latent space visualization

README.md, after:

# CADL-I-FinalPoject
My Final project for the Creative Applications of Deep Learning with Google's Tensorflow | Parag K. Mital | Kadenze, Inc.


***This is my open-ended final project.***

After earning my [certificate](https://www.kadenze.com/certificates/NFKK9ISE), I wrote on **medium** a summary of what I did. I entitled it [**Using Deep Learning DC-GAN to add featured effect on anything**](https://medium.com/using-deep-learning-dc-gan-to-add-featured-effect/recently-i-started-the-creative-applications-of-deep-learning-with-googles-tensorflow-of-parag-k-14453b215d2b) ***(Using DC-GAN you can wear eyeglasses or hats to people on an image and more …)***. 

Please take a look (4 min read) and share if you find it interesting.

It is a complementary explanation step of this job.

Thanks !


======================================
###RECENT CONTRIBUTIONS
======================================
You could find below a recent published research paper **close to the subject** (09 Fev 2017), from the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China (UESTC). [Coincidently, at the same time where I wrote mine].

Apart for ***Mouth slightly open vector*** where the mouths are not always **slightly opened** but reduced when highly opened, they succeeded very well with eyeglasses and hairs vectors.
-	**ATTRIBUTE-CONTROLLED FACE PHOTO SYNTHESIS FROM SIMPLE LINE DRAWING** | Qi Guo Ce Zhu Zhiqiang Xia Zhengtao Wang Yipeng Liu
[Download here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1702.02805v1.pdf)



======================================
-	A post of Julien Despois **Latent space visualization — Deep Learning bits #2** 

He shows how visualize the latent space where arithmetics are done. Could help see how things works in this space.

[See HERE](https://medium.com/@juliendespois/latent-space-visualization-deep-learning-bits-2-bd09a46920df#.9582ub5u6)
